-
Hey. Pete the plumber.
My hero. Thank you for coming.
Thanks for calling.
On a Sunday. no less.
If leaky pipes don't take weekends off. why should I?
This one didn't leak. it nearly exploded.
I managed to shut off the valve.
but I would love to get it fixed before my husband gets home.
And tries to fix it himself?
Emphasis on the "try."
Yeah. we get that a lot.
It's the bathroom straight down on the left.
Excuse me. did I not say no gaming
until your rooms are clean?
- Okay. Mom.
It's all done. ma'am.
Sorry it took so long. Finally got her all fixed.
Ma'am?
Sink's working as good as new.
You want to come check it out?
Ma'am?
- What the hell?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I cannot stress enough.
Miss Hines. if this MTAC upgrade doesn't go perfectly.
heads will roll. and I don't mean mine.
And I get your meaning. sir. I do.
Your Multiple Threat Alert Center
is our most vital fusion hub.
Monitoring threats against our Navy and our Marines...
I know what MTAC does. and trust me.
we're working hard to make sure everything goes without a hitch.
Well. I'm sure whoever last updated MTAC back in the '90s
worked hard. too. but that
hasn't stopped hackers from exploiting our weaknesses.
And. apparently. that was due to a delay
in the firewall reloading.
and we are working hard to prevent that. too.
Look. I hate to be such a hard-ass. but
since this upgrade date was potentially leaked.
we can't be too careful.
Which is precisely why we're no longer doing that date
and doing the upgrade tonight instead.
And nobody else knows about this?
It's 1:00 a.m. on a Sunday.
Hardly anyone knows we're here. much less
upgrading our entire system.
And where is everyone again?
Most of the agents are at
a seminar in Philly this weekend.
so my team and I. we have pretty much
the entire building to ourselves.
Hey. Kase. Am I too late?
No. no.
- You are here just on time to... - Help out.
I left the seminar early
- in case you needed moral support. - Yeah.
- But I-I don't want to interrupt. - No. you're not.
Special Agent Parker. this is David Barbado.
- DoD. - Deputy Chief of Cyber Security.
- Hi. Oh. sorry. - Parker.
Glad you're here to help.
What? No.
Uh. no. Kasie doesn't need my help.
that's for sure. Between her and her cyber team.
MTAC couldn't be in better hands.
That's exactly what we're counting on. so
I will leave you to it. then. Miss Hines.
And just remember...
your country's counting on you. too.
So. best of luck.
Barbado out.
"Barbado out"?
Dude. I was this close to convincing him
that no one else knew about this.
No one else does. except me. You doing all right?
Yeah. for someone whose professional future
hangs in the balance. I'm doing great.
I'm afraid your fancy pastries aren't gonna help.
Eh. how about some good old-fashioned donuts?
- Little. uh. emergency sugar rush couldn't hurt. - Mm-mm.
Mm-mm. No. no. no. Please do not say emergency. No. Not tonight.
Uh. you heard what Mr. DoD Cyber Security said.
But you heard what I said. Look. I know that. uh.
rebooting our whole entire system here is a big job.
but you and your tech trolls are up to it.
Yeah. my tech trolls. Don't I wish.
What. they're not?
Well. for security purposes.
DoD assigned me cyber techs from four separate agencies.
All very highly qualified. but man.
after a week together. you know. they really lack enthusiasm.
Maybe they could use a sugar rush.
Well. they're in my lab. By all means. please.
Oh. and by the way. don't call them tech trolls.
They're also supersensitive.
Wow. I don't think I've ever seen
a dozen disappear that fast.
Sorry. It's just. no one ever brings us donuts.
Like Lewis Latimer. or
Granville Woods. our contributions
- too often go unappreciated. - Don't mind Felix or you'll
spend days looking up obscure references.
So many idiots out there.
Where do these people come from?
Anyway. I just wanted to say hi.
make sure everybody's on the same page.
I know Kasie's excited.
Oh. us. too. Agent Parker.
Definitely.
I'd say Kasie's even more than excited.
She's downright... What is the word?
- It kind of means. like... - Um... - Effusive.
- That's it. yes. She's effusive. - That's a great word for it.
Uh. bossy's a better one.
Really. Daryl?
Sorry. No filter. this guy.
Not to mention issues with assertive women.
You know what I'm saying. Kasie just needs to trust
that we know what we're doing and just let us do it.
Idiot.
Not Kasie. This idiot.
Uh. would it help to know that Kasie is getting
tremendous pressure from above?
Not to mention the pressure she already puts on herself.
Really? I'm sorry to hear that.
"No pressure. no diamonds."
Thomas Carlyle? Philosopher?
Here's the thing. uh. Kasie's just like the rest of us.
She's just trying to do her best the best way she knows how.
Donut break's over.
Time to hit your battle stations. people.
Uh... On my way. Kase.
As you know. the upgrade will shut down not only MTAC.
but all computers. land lines.
and security cameras for two hours.
During which time.
we will monitor progress from our workstations
and communicate via headset
as the system reboots.
Once again. thank you in advance
for your immeasurable contribution
to NCIS. to the security of the nation.
and to the world.
I didn't miss it. I didn't miss it.
: Kase.
Kase. Did I miss it?
Timing's perfect. Jimmy.
Okay. I totally forgot
that Kasie moved the system reboot to tonight.
Yeah. and I don't recall telling you.
So. what? You ran here? Why are you so sweaty?
Oh. gosh. There's no time for that now. It is time to light
this candle in T-minus five.
four.
three. two...
and... one.
- No turning back now. - Nah. nah.
You got this. Kase.
Just think of it as one big smartphone reboot.
Except the. uh. security of the entire Western world
does not rely on us upgrading our phones.
Can you go breathe somewhere else?
Yeah. yeah. All right.
Again. Jimmy. did you run here?
Oh. no. no. no. I just come in sometimes
on Sunday nights. catch up on paperwork.
you know. when I can't sleep. Like-like tonight.
It's a good thing. too. because. uh. otherwise.
I would've missed all of this.
So... the sweat?
What sweat? Oh. this sweat...
- the sweat that's on me right now? - Uh-huh.
Uh. well. it's 'cause the AC down in autopsy
is on the fritz again. you know.
so we got a hot autopsy on our hands.
And that-that-that. that sounds like that's made-up.
That's not made-up. though.
I am overdue for a check-in.
Okay. here we go.
And we have liftoff. people.
Let's get some status reports.
How is our PowerShell. Harold?
Sorry. one second.
PowerShell script is good. Kasie.
Great. Nadine. our ISO signature?
ISO signature is humming. buffers are clean.
- caches are happy. Love it.
How about MD5. Felix?
MD5 is pristine. No bad blocks.
We are rebooting like a dream.
Nice. Okay. how about our processor cores. Daryl?
Talk to me. Daryl. Are the PCs breathing
or screaming?
Daryl?
Daryl. where are you?
Daryl. come in.
Talk to me. Daryl?
...seven. eight. nine.
Come on. Daryl. Come on. breathe.
- Breathe. - All right. Jimmy?
Jimmy.
It's okay. You tried.
- Call it.
I just don't get it.
I mean. he was alive and well on the MTAC screen.
w-what. ten minutes ago?
Could he have just tripped and hit his head on the way down?
Uh. I mean. yeah. o-of course. it's possible.
What about maybe a seizure? An aneurysm?
I don't know. I-I got to get him down to autopsy
- before I can answer that. - Hold on. hold on.
Let's not move him yet.
Just in case. You know?
- Wait. s-so. you're thinking maybe... - I don't know what I think.
But until we can process the room for clues.
no one comes in or out.
You guys find Daryl?
Is he okay?
But how did he fall? And did he just fall? What happened?
Jimmy is giving him a prelim in autopsy to figure that out.
Okay. well. of all the things I worried about going wrong.
Daryl dropping dead was not one of them.
All right. Considering the circumstances.
you think maybe we call off the upgrade?
I would love to. but it is too late.
Doing so would damage files.
destroy employee records.
- damage data history... - Okay.
we keep it going. and we'll process your office
- as soon as it's done. - I-I'll have to reshuffle
the tech trolls to get it right.
God. what do I even tell them?
You don't. Not yet.
I mean. if they know that Daryl is dead.
good luck getting them to focus again.
Well. what am I supposed to say?
Anything. Besides the truth.
Food poisoning?
- Mm-hmm. - It was those donuts.
wasn't it?
I feel queasy and I only had one.
You had two.
- Sorry. - Well. Daryl had four. So...
You know what? It wasn't the donuts. guys.
Daryl thinks he had some bad sushi at lunch.
- He is resting in autopsy now. - Autopsy?
Where our Dr. Palmer is taking great care of him.
Uh. he's gonna be just fine.
But in the meantime. we just. we need to reshuffle
some responsibilities.
Mm-hmm. Okay. Well. then. obviously.
you're gonna want me to take over Daryl's place.
where I should have been from the beginning.
Oh. actually. we're gonna put Nadine on power cores.
Oh. We're playing favorites.
What? No. I-I need you on MD5. Felix.
so I can take over ISO signature for Nadine.
who's going to take over from Daryl.
No favorites here.
Actually. I would be better on MD5
if Felix wants to take over PowerShell.
I wouldn't touch your PowerShell
- with the spear of Cú Chulainn. - Okay.
I minored in Irish mythology. Felix.
- I know what that means. - Do you?
- Yes. and it's "Coo-coo-lan." - No. no. no.
- Yes. it is. "Cú Chulainn." - No. it's "Cu-cullen." "Cú Chulainn."
People. enough. please.
Can we just play nice for the sake of the upgrade?
Nadine? Enjoy PCs.
- : Thank you. - All right.
I'm sorry. he's just... Sorry.
Boys.
Not the word that I had in mind.
Hey. is this your laptop or Daryl's sitting here?
Yes. that's mine. Thanks.
Kasie. got a minute?
Yes.
What's the word?
Parker. you were supposed to stay in MTAC.
MTAC is fine. Someone else is not.
Now. mind you. I can't run any X-rays
with our computers down. but Daryl's neck
sure feels broken to me. along with a skull fracture.
Oh. gosh. all this just from a fall?
Well. not "just." No. the bruising that emerged
across the jawline here suggests he was struck pretty hard
- before his head hit the floor. - Struck? By who?
Uh. one of his fellow trolls. maybe?
Oh. come on.
They may be a bunch of socially awkward malcontents.
but...
- You know. come to think of it... - It was either them
or someone else in the building.
Uh. uh. security. cleaning staff.
I'll have base police lock down the Navy Yard.
Someone just moved my yoga mat down in Ducky's MPR.
How could you possibly know that?
'Cause it came with this app.
Tells me the location of my mat.
temperatures. moisture levels.
Moisture levels?
Do you want anyone else sweating on your yoga mat?
- Ugh. who would? - I do not want that. no.
No. more importantly. who moved it?
Maybe it's the same person that did that.
There's only one way to find out.
You stick with Kasie. I'll be back.
: Jimmy. I said stick with Kasie.
And she's locked safely in MTAC.
You need someone watching your back.
I mean. you guys always travel in pairs. right?
- So. I thought... - Okay.
Okay... okay. Fine.
You hear that?
It could be Henry.
The ghost? Please. not now.
- Wh... Oh. God! - Tommy.
Agent Parker. Jimmy. You scared me.
- Well. that makes three of us. - What are you doing down here?
I'm making my rounds.
Heard a noise coming from Ducky's.
I thought it might just be Henry.
Again with Henry.
But it was just you guys.
My... my heart. oh. man.
- That wasn't Henry. - All right. stay here. Tom.
- Do you want my. uh... - No.
I knew I should have gone to a hotel.
Sam?
I guess I should've called. huh?
Sam Hanna? What the heck?
- It's good to see you. too. Kasie. - : Oh. gosh.
Hey. what brings you here?
My worst-kept-secret MTAC upgrade.
or do you just. like.
magically appear whenever somebody mysteriously dies?
No magic. As I was just telling the fellas.
I had a long layover on my way to visit a buddy in Dubai.
and I figured I'd catch a few winks on Ducky's MPR couch.
I just wish we'd known.
I-It just... because Victoria.
she's gonna be so disappointed to know that you were in town.
- you didn't at least call. - Jimmy.
it was a last-minute flight delay.
I'll be sure to call Crown Vic just the same.
Yeah. we're all happy to see you. Sam. but does anybody mind
if we get back to finding our tech troll killer?
Well. I don't mind forgoing my couch time
- to help out if you need. - Hey. more the merrier.
All right. Kasie will stick with the reboot.
Sam and I will search
the building for any additional workers
and then question them along with the tech trolls.
Man with a plan.
Uh. w-wait. hold on. Where am I in that plan?
I assumed you had autopsy stuff.
Not without computer access.
I can't really do much down there. Uh...
But-but there are three remaining tech trolls. so...
You know. you should've seen him in Hawaii. in that dungeon
they had us in. Parker. I mean... man's got skills.
I never said he didn't.
All right. Jimmy makes it three on three.
so let's see what everyone knows.
What about not scaring them?
Kind of told everybody that Daryl had food poisoning.
Uh. okay. then. let's go with that.
Daryl is not dead. he's just sick.
Okay. and to be clear.
we're not interrogating them. we're just wh... uh. what.
- feeling them out. or...? - A friendly chat.
And if it wasn't premeditated.
then our killer might just give it up easy.
We'll divvy them up. keep it friendly.
compare notes afterwards.
Hey. Sam. hey.
Thanks for having my back there.
You think. uh. Victoria will forgive me
for not calling. Jimmy?
Okay. okay. you...
Just saying. you could text a guy. Come on.
I know you didn't bake the donuts. but you did bring them.
And they didn't give Daryl food poisoning. Nadine.
I can promise you.
So. he's okay?
You seem to care a lot about him.
I care if he's got something I might catch.
I practically bleached this keyboard
after he used it.
So. you didn't know Daryl well?
Before he got sick. I mean.
You-you don't know Daryl well?
No. I keep things professional with my coworkers.
Which is not that hard with Daryl.
He goes heavy on the body spray.
I have yet to give Daryl enough thought
to form an opinion either way.
Neither affinity nor contempt.
So. safe to say you didn't have any shared interests.
career goals?
With Daryl?
Please. He'd be incapable
of having a like-minded discourse.
From wave-particle duality to loop quantum gravity.
the-the man would be completely out of his depth.
Sure. yeah. I mean. who wouldn't be?
I mean. let's be honest. that'd be like
me trying to explain to you autolysis or adipocere
or any other facet of forensic taphonomy.
Sure.
Kind of. Yeah.
I'm Special Agent Sam Hanna.
It's so nice to meet you. Sam. and...
I cannot tell you how sorry I am.
Well. lay it on me.
Sorry about what?
A-About Daryl getting sick.
I know he seems preoccupied with his online debates. but...
this job means as much to him as it does me.
How much does it mean to you?
Positions like this. they don't grow on trees.
Competition is fierce.
Though I appreciate Kasie's faith in me.
I would much rather be monitoring the processor cores
from home with Bradley Cooper.
I...
Wait. so... I'm sorry. the actor?
Oh. my God. he's beautiful. Do you want to see a picture?
Sure.
Oh. my beautiful baby. am I right?
Yep. that's one handsome spider.
Um. but again. back to Daryl?
Daryl is no different than Harold or Felix.
They seem like competitive schoolboys.
but it's just a mask for their insecurity.
So. Felix. was there any part of you that wanted Daryl's job?
Of course I wanted Daryl's job. I'm infinitely more qualified.
Did you want it bad enough to fight him for it?
Fight him? What...
What are we. troglodytes?
So. you know Daryl well. then.
Well enough.
We met back in college. At Penn.
UPenn. Impressive.
Wha... what am I saying?
Cornell.
Sorry. sorry. We-we went to Cornell together.
You forgot where you went to college?
Wha...
No. i-it's just my lifelong bitterness
at not being accepted by Penn that will never not sting.
So. Cornell. then.
Yeah. yeah. Cornell.
I loved it. Yeah. it was great.
And it's gorges.
Because Cornell's in Ithaca.
where there's a lot of. uh. gorges.
Gorges.
Yeah.
...and the crew were here
before you came in for overnight.
- What'd you find out? - I checked the gate log. Agent Parker.
No one's exited the Navy Yard since 0102.
Right after the reboot started.
Last to leave was a member of the custodial staff.
Vito Gironda.
Yeah. lucky Vito.
I drew the short straw on the overnight shift.
Uh. at least the overtime's nice.
Yeah. I hear that.
All right. thanks for your time. Tommy.
Thanks. Petty Officer. Uh. Tommy.
Um. this Vito?
Do you happen to have his number handy?
Oh. yeah. Must have it here somewhere.
If you don't mind me asking. uh.
is this about those computer geeks?
What makes you think that?
Uh. not for nothing. but I was mopping
near that subbasement they work in.
uh. after Vito went home. and I-I don't know. I...
heard a whole lot of bickering. you know?
- Oh. here it is. - Bickering?
Yeah. About what. I can't say.
but. uh. Kasie deserves a better crew than that.
Uh. that's the wife. I-I got to take this.
Uh. if I can be any help. just holler.
All right.
- Hey. - How you doing?
Hate to say it. but. uh.
neither Harold nor Felix gave us much.
Other than a pair of matching headaches.
Same with Nadine.
All I got was. uh. a spider named Bradley Cooper.
and apparently Daryl wore too much body spray.
Man. they can talk.
And argue. according to Tommy.
They definitely have issues.
But are they killers? I don't know.
Even if they were capable of killing.
why would they choose tonight of all nights to do it?
- That's a good question. - While you two
ponder that. I have Kasie's laptop
to double-vet their clearance docs.
Couldn't hurt. I'll check on Kasie
and call this other custodian who left early.
And I forget. Jimmy...
...do you have a couch in your lab?
It's got an autopsy table.
That is close enough.
Oof. He does wear too much body spray.
- How are the kids. Sam? - Oh. they're great.
Aiden made captain. as you know.
and Kamran's still on her mission to save democracy.
Man. they do grow up fast.
You seem to be growing. too.
- You been working out? - Oh. yeah? Yeah. you can tell?
- Hell yeah. Look at Jimmy.
getting buff for the ladies.
I don't know about that. I...
The hell is that?
That's a...
That's a weight vest. Yeah.
- 30 pounds.
I can see that. Why?
Well. on nights that I can't sleep.
I come here and I run the steps.
You know. about an hour solid. up and down every stairwell.
Again. why?
Sam. you ever feel like
you get knocked down in life so much.
that you're not sure you can get back up again?
No. Never.
Sam. come on. I'm trying to open up to you here. What...
: Okay. Okay. Jimmy. of course.
That's a part of life. Jimmy. Of course I do.
What's got you down?
I've been thinking. ever since I lost Breena.
and then. of course. Jess and I broke up
and now my daughter is 14 going on 40...
Man. I feel like it's me that needs a reboot.
Or a goal. But. like...
: Like. a big one.
Okay. What do you have in mind?
Kilimanjaro.
Kilimanjaro?
- Damn. Jimmy. - Uh. yeah. I-I mean. around here.
Sam. I feel like I've become a house cat. you know?
I don't want to be a house cat.
I want to be more a. a...
a bobcat.
You climb Kilimanjaro. you'll be a damn mountain lion.
Good for you. Jimmy.
I love the idea.
I bet everyone else does. too. huh?
E-Everyone else... yeah. yeah.
Absolutely. Oh. hey. look at this.
Daryl went to Penn about the same time Breena did.
I wonder if they knew each other.
- Penn? - Yeah.
Harold said they went to Cornell together.
I knew that was weird. He even corrected himself
after saying Penn first.
Well. let's look up Harold.
Cornell. Like he said.
Why would he lie about going there with Daryl?
How about we go ask him?
I never understand lying.
What was it Mark Twain said?
"Just tell the truth
and you don't have to remember anything."
Hmm.
Okay. fine. I lied.
What?
Uh. no one in the building loves my Kilimanjaro plan.
because...
...I haven't told anyone yet.
- So. no one else knows? - Mm-mm.
- And why not? - Uh. well...
That can't be good.
Not good at all.
: No.
Whole building's out.
Generator should keep the essential lights on
for at least the next few hours.
Along with the reboot. thank God.
Well. reboot's drinking up a lot more battery
than what's left of our lights.
so I wouldn't go celebrating just yet.
All I was trying to do was plan a nice
little quiet evening MTAC upgrade
where nothing could possibly go wrong. and sure enough.
everything's gone wrong.
None of which is a coincidence.
First. one of your tech trolls gets whacked.
and now a sudden power outage?
And all I was worried about was hackers.
Well. keep worrying. I got a feeling
who's ever behind this is just getting started.
Where are you going?
- To find out who. - Wait.
Do you smell smoke?
You have got to be kidding me.
Hello? Anyone?
No bars. Parker?
- Hello? - Yeah. me. either. Kasie?
Sam. what are the odds that this is just a random blackout?
I'd say slim and none.
Which means we got to get the hell out of here.
All right. okay. there is a fireman's key in one of those
- "in case of emergency" boxes. - Yeah.
It's on the third floor.
Well. we just have to get to it.
- Yeah. - Whoever designed that hatch
did not have me in mind.
Oh. I don't know. Sam.
I think you could probably fit through there.
No. no. no. You're gonna do it.
Me? Wait... what do you mean. me?
Why haven't you told anyone about Kilimanjaro?
I-I don't know. I guess it just hasn't come up yet.
I don't buy that.
Maybe I'm not ready to share
my workout plans with everyone.
Would you stop? I know you.
All right? You're probably more worried
about changing your mind. chickening out.
Wha... hey. I am not chickening out. all right?
I j... I just don't want to get everyone's hopes up. you know?
If there's no expectations. there's no letting anyone down.
Like yourself?
Okay. Sam. but...
There are no buts.
You start telling people. Jimmy.
Don't give yourself an out. Throw your hat over that wall.
This is your Kilimanjaro moment. See that? That's Kilimanjaro.
All right. O-Okay. all right. Fine. fine. Sam.
- I-I. I'll-I'll. I'll tell everyone. all right? - Yeah?
- Just give me a boost here. - I'm trying. you're not listening.
- No. I mean. like. a physical boost. You're a strong person. - Oh.
- I need to get... Yeah. - Right. No. all right.
Okay. Come on. All right.
All right. You ready?
- All right. - One...
...two. three.
All right. come on. come on. Push.
- It's really heavy. - You're heavy.
Wait a minute. are you still wearing that damn vest?
I'm still wearing that damn vest. Yes.
- Come on. come on. come on. - All right.
Push. Come on. come on.
- Push. push. push. There you go.
- There you go. Come on. - All right.
Come on. come on. come on. Attaboy.
All right.
Yeah.
Uh. that third floor's a little higher than I thought.
but. uh. I'll give it a try.
There is no "try." Jimmy. Just do it.
How's that for a boost?
Come on.
Attaboy. J... Come on. Jimmy.
You got this. Jim.
Ooh. found the smoky culprit.
- Well. what is it? - Power supply
to the cooling system.
Circa 1997. from the looks of it.
Blackout must have fried the motor.
You got a replacement?
With the way this night has gone. what do you think?
Hang in there. Jimmy. You got it.
Come on. Jimmy. Attaboy.
- Come on. Jimmy!
Okay. uh... Okay.
Um...
I'm not sure I can reach the door.
I mean. there's-there's nothing left to-to grab onto here.
Just grab it. Jimmy. Go for it!
Uh. uh...
Sam. I'm not so sure about my grip.
You know what? Maybe you're right.
Climbing's hard. Just forget it.
Maybe don't tell anyone about Kilimanjaro. either.
Just forget it. Forget it.
Let's stay in the elevator. Come on back down.
That's my man! There you go!
Attaboy. You got this.
- Come on. come on. Jimmy!
- There you go!
Come on!
There you go. Jimmy.
Now get up. get up there. You can get it.
Trust it. Jim.
Come on. Jimmy.
There you go.
My man.
Oh. boy.
That was easy.
Here we go. the box.
Uh. ah.
Jackpot.
All right.
Okay.
I can do an elevator shaft. I can do Kilimanjaro.
Where I won't have to deal with the dark.
All right. let's see.
All right. so. a key.
I'm guessing these are like skeleton keys. right?
All right.
All right. Sam?
It's me Jimmy. Don't shoot. okay?
Hey. Sam.
Found the key and it worked.
Way to go. Mountain Lion.
Way to go. Okay.
- Let's go find Parker. - Yeah.
So. which is it? Cornell or Penn?
I'm sorry. what are you asking me?
No more apologies. Harold.
Daryl's background document said Penn.
where you said you met him before "remembering"
you both went to Cornell.
- Okay. a-again. I am so sorry. but... - Hey.
If you say "sorry" one more time.
I'm gonna drive you up to Ithaca
and toss you in one of those gorges.
Okay. look. I'm sorr...
Hey.
Okay. fine.
You got me.
My name isn't Harold. it's Frank.
And I got kicked out of Penn after they caught me
hacking into their mainframe to change my final grade.
Well. that's quite a confession.
but why the identity change?
Like I told Sam. these jobs really don't grow on trees.
There's no way I was getting hired after that.
So. I had to become Harold from Cornell just to get interviews.
Okay. so...
...that's one big lie explained.
Any others?
Like. about Daryl?
Daryl?
No. why? Is he still sick?
Wait. am I in trouble?
- How's it looking? - It's looking like Harold from Cornell
is actually Frank from Penn.
but neither of them seem like killers.
And I have no idea what that that means.
but there's no time to ask. either.
Stay put.
Yeah. We were wrong about the PSU.
With about 25 minutes left.
the server's starting to overheat.
Oh. we'd need an antique shop to replace that old thing.
Antique computer shop at that.
Hold on. hold on. What about Old MTAC?
- Old MTAC? - Our MTAC is old MTAC.
No. no. Vance once showed me these old NIS MTAC parts
at the evidence locker. way in the back.
Old MTAC parts. let's go.
Okay. we got about 24 minutes left.
- Hey. where's my laptop? - Oh. I left it in autopsy.
- I'll have to go get it. - Okay.
Are they gone?
Yes. Harold. and we've got a meltdown to prepare for.
All right. I'll meet you in MTAC.
I see a lot of boxes.
none labeled "MTAC."
Bingo.
I think they were back here.
Damn.
Look at that beast.
Well. believe it or not.
these were once considered "mini-computers."
Made by "Wang"? Is that real?
Uh. it was. before they went bankrupt.
With a name like Wang. no wonder.
Well. let's hope one of these Wangs has a fan.
So. you said Vance showed you all this. huh?
Haven't seen you since the funeral.
How's everybody doing with that?
You know. losing him.
I don't know. Doesn't seem real.
A lot of us are still in denial.
Yeah. me. too.
Tell you what.
we replace old MTAC with new MTAC.
but people?
Like Vance?
Not replacing that.
Not a chance.
But it did get me thinking about where I'm headed.
I've been waiting to make a move for a while now.
haven't been able to settle on a direction quite yet.
Well. I know the feeling.
The dreaded Waiting Place.
"A most useless place."
Dr. Seuss.
Oh. the Places You'll Go!
I love that book.
I may have to read it again.
I'm done waiting.
Thank you. Parker.
No worries.
Hello.
Huh? You got it?
Well. it's as old and worn-out as the other one.
but. uh...
Let's see if it works.
All right. copy that.
- Got it? - Let's go.
Okay. where's that laptop?
Oh. hey.
There you are.
Oh. God!
You scared me.
What are you doing here?
How we doing under there. Kase?
We? Who's we?
- How are you doing? - You think that fan's gonna work?
Well. depends. I got it running.
Check the gauge.
Ah. there he is. Finally.
- Looks like the temp is going down. - Ah. yes.
Then it's working. Thank you. guys.
- Well. it's working for now. at least. - Just a few minutes
left. and you're gonna jinx us now?
I think it's fair to say
your reboot is way past being jinxed.
You can say that again.
This is Vito. saying
that Tommy wasn't even scheduled to work tonight.
Vito?
The janitor who went home early.
According to this.
Tommy is who insisted Vito go home before 1:00.
Before the upgrade started.
Meaning what?
Well. let's go ask him. And let Jimmy know.
in case he runs into Tommy before we do.
Where is Jimmy. anyway?
Well. he went to go get my laptop.
but he should be back by now.
Ah. Tommy. what are... what are you doing?
Don't get up. Jimmy. please.
Which one is it? Which one is it?
Which what? What-What's... what's going on?
The wire. Jimmy.
Which wire patches me into the reboot?
The reboot? Uh. that's not exactly...
The mainframe! Well. whatever the hell that is.
He told me I have to patch into the reboot on the mainframe.
Which-which wire is it?
Uh. the-the blue one. The Ethernet.
That should get you to the mainframe. Tommy.
what... what is going on?
I-I can't explain it right now. Jimmy.
- I'm sorry. - Okay. maybe you tell me
what you're trying to do. and maybe I can help.
- No. no. no. Stay back. Jimmy! - Whoa. Whoa.
Please. Please.
I have to do this. Please. Jimmy. Please.
Do what? Tommy. come on.
Just stop asking so many questions.
I can't explain until it's done.
- Till what's done? - No. no. no. no. no. no!
- No. No. - What are you doing. Tommy?
No. Just.
don't make me use this. Parker.
- Please. Just. just stay back.
Just. just stay over there. okay?
Is this what you meant about helping?
Like I'm guessing you helped Daryl?
That was an accident. I swear.
I couldn't let him stop me.
Why not. Tommy?
Stop you from what?
Don't come any closer.
I got no time to explain.
Come on. come on. come on.
Please. Please.
Oh. come on. Come on. Come on.
Please.
Please?
Yes!
- What? What? What?
Don't do that!
Let me go!
Damn. Lion.
Let me go. please. I'm sorry. Jimmy.
He's gonna kill my family.
Your family? What?
- Uh. well...
Who. Tommy?
The guy wore a mask. said he'd kill 'em all if I didn't do it.
Do what? What is that thing?
He wanted me to plug it into Kasie's laptop
during the upgrade.
I tried as soon as it started.
but that poor computer kid got
in my way. I'm so sorry. I just...
- No. no. no. no. no. no! - Hey! Whoa! Whoa!
Stay still. Tommy.
He's got my family.
Please.
He's got my family!
NCIS!
- I got you. - Clear.
- Kate? Are they still here?
- No? - No. The guy took my phone
and left a while ago.
Oh. thank God you guys got here.
Everybody's okay.
Just breathe. okay?
Everybody's okay now.
- What about Daddy? - Is Dad okay?
I'm here. you guys. Daddy-Daddy's here.
- Oh. Tommy.
Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here.
Hey. We're gonna need everybody to step outside
so our medics can check you out.
No. we're okay.
All non-emergency personnel.
please stay clear of the area.
Please stay clear of the area.
Guys. you should go out there and get checked out. okay?
It's okay. It's okay.
You guys... you guys. go get checked out. okay?
You guys. I'll be right out. okay?
- Okay. I love you. I love you. - Okay.
- Daddy's fine. - I love you so much.
Thank... thank you. guys. Thank you. guys. Thank you.
It's your turn. Tommy.
Talk to us.
I didn't mean to kill that kid.
He tried to stop me from getting that laptop.
and I just... I pulled my elbow back.
Caught him on the chin. and then he...
he landed...
wrong.
You didn't think to alert an agent or two?
The guy said that if I told anyone. they'd be dead.
That if I didn't plant the device. they'd be dead.
I'm sorry. I panicked.
Well. you seemed calm enough when Jimmy and I found you.
Well. I wasn't.
I was desperate. and as time was getting closer.
I killed the power so that I...
I'm sorry. For Jimmy.
For that poor kid.
For the whole thing. I...
I'm just... I-I'm so sorry.
Well. considering what he did to Daryl. I guess I got off easy.
Tommy sent an apology for that. too.
Yeah. poor guy.
And poor Daryl.
Poor everybody. No winners on this one.
Well. Kasie... maybe?
True enough.
Yeah. despite it all.
Kasie pulled off the big upgrade.
What about Jimmy?
- That epic. WrestleMania takedown. - Yeah.
That was pretty badass. Jimmy.
Well. you know. I did have
a couple extra pounds on me to help take him down.
Couple extra pounds? What are you talking about?
I'm wearing a 30-pound weight vest.
And you just happened to be wearing that for... what?
Uh...
Yeah. Jimmy. What's it for?
I am training to hike Mount Kilimanjaro in the fall.
Or maybe January. when it's warmer there.
What do you think of that. huh?
Yeah. Huh.
Well. not what I expected to hear. but. uh...
good for you. Jimmy.
If anybody can make a climb like that.
it's you.
Guess I just threw my hat over the wall.
Damn straight.
Again. I am so grateful
for all that we were able to accomplish tonight.
I know it was obviously
overshadowed by what happened to Daryl. but...
- I'm never eating donuts again. - I mean.
I'm sorry. Who dies of food poisoning anymore?
Can anyone say co-morbidity?
Maybe we can talk about this during dinner next week.
We'll do a little something in Daryl's memory.
I have some food restrictions.
Yeah. Maybe no sushi.
Yeah. No sushi. no donuts.
Discuss that among yourselves and get back to me.
Oh. gosh.
So they still think it's food poisoning?
You know. the worst part of lying is having to admit it.
I'll tell them the truth during dinner.
Well. in the meantime.
how about we all go out and have an early breakfast?
Uh. no. you guys. uh. you go without me.
I'm just... I'm not hungry.
What's up. Kase? You all right?
What's wrong?
Whatever Tommy did. it worked.
Worked how?
I thought we stopped him in time.
Yeah. I did. too. but...
Since I keep my personal data
on my laptop. for security purposes.
I keep my encryption key on our mainframe.
which is why Tommy had to attach that device during the reboot.
- When the firewalls were down. - One would assume
that whoever forced Tommy to do it was looking
for a back door to our database.
you know. case files. employee info.
But they weren't?
No. none of those folders were even touched.
And what they did touch. you don't see.
Edna.
Edna?
Who's Edna?
Well. Edna's not a who. she's a what.
And she's gone.
So. this was never about hacking the upgrade.
No. No. it was all about Edna.
Okay. What's Edna?
What are you saying. Kase?
I'm saying that I think
I'm the reason why Daryl is dead.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm